new resource - "azurerm_synapse_pipeline" (#13044)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/synapse_pipeline.html.markdown

}

resource "azurerm_synapse_workspace" "example" {
  name                                 = "example"
  resource_group_name                  = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location                             = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  storage_data_lake_gen2_filesystem_id = azurerm_storage_data_lake_gen2_filesystem.example.id
  sql_administrator_login              = "sqladminuser"
  sql_administrator_login_password     = "H@Sh1CoR3!"
  managed_virtual_network_enabled      = true
}

resource "azurerm_synapse_firewall_rule" "example" {
  name                 = "AllowAll"
  synapse_workspace_id = azurerm_synapse_workspace.test.id
  start_ip_address     = "0.0.0.0"
  end_ip_address       = "255.255.255.255"
}

resource "azurerm_synapse_pipeline" "example" {
  name                 = "example"
  synapse_workspace_id = azurerm_synapse_workspace.example.id

  depends_on = [azurerm_synapse_firewall_rule.example]
}
```

## Example Usage with Activities

```hcl
resource "azurerm_synapse_pipeline" "example" {
  name                 = "example"
  synapse_workspace_id = azurerm_synapse_workspace.example.id
  variables = {
    "bob" = "item1"
  }

>   activities_json = <<JSON

Reviewer: Can we just put this to the example snippet above?

[
	{
		"name": "Append variable1",
		"type": "AppendVariable",
		"dependsOn": [],
		"userProperties": [],
		"typeProperties": {
			"variableName": "bob",
			"value": "something"
		}
	}
]
  JSON

  depends_on = [azurerm_synapse_firewall_rule.example]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Synapse Pipeline. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Must be globally unique.

> * `synapse_workspace_id` - (Required) The ID of the Synapse Workspace on which to create the Synapse Pipeline. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `synapse_workspace_id` - (Required) The ID of the Synapse Workspace that this Synapse Pipeline resides in. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Fixed

* `description` - (Optional) The description for the Synapse Pipeline.

> * `annotations` - (Optional) List of tags that can be used for describing the Synapse Pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `annotations` - (Optional)A list of annotation tags that can be used for describing the Synapse Pipeline.
```

Author: Fixe

> * `parameters` - (Optional) A map of parameters to associate with the Synapse Pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `parameters` - (Optional) A map of parameters to associate with the Synapse Pipeline. The key is the parameter name, and the value is the parameter's default value.
```

Author: Fixed

> 

Reviewer: Does it make sense to mention that currently we only support type string of parameters here?

Author: We are trying to keep align with data factory [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/blob/b0c897055329438be6a3a159f6ffac4e1ce958f2/website/docs/r/data_factory_pipeline.html.markdown)

Reviewer 2: Data Factory's docs should be updated to account for that too tbh

Author: updated.

* `variables` - (Optional) A map of variables to associate with the Synapse Pipeline.

* `activities_json` - (Optional) A JSON object that contains the activities that will be associated with the Synapse Pipeline.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Synapse Pipeline.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Synapse Pipeline.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Synapse Pipeline.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Synapse Pipeline.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Synapse Pipeline.

## Import

Synapse Pipeline's can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell

> terraform import azurerm_synapse_pipeline.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/example/providers/Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces/example/pipelines/example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terraform import azurerm_synapse_pipeline.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/example/providers/Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces/workspace1/pipelines/pipeline1
```

Author: Fixed

Author: Fixed
